i
all right
Y
and
to me
i
there
such friends then again with this
song we hope the novel does not tell me
they will remove for all the problems
with the previous video but we're going to
go on to explain this quickly before
that nothing the audio they heard is the
version a version of the mariachi
international huatulco
I do not expect a greeting is not angry
for them and well let's start
quickly at the entrance what we do
is
mm and travel
and my family
and then when it comes in that would be the
entrance comes out very easy
then for the first beautiful ornament cani
we left 2000 alone
and then everything happened to me
I use
lovely gift
with fish
the sun or just solís solís real the taste
of you but they are plump we
orzamentos takes it because I repeat it
here in this case the mariachi of whom
we take the audio makes him eat but
in the original version because it is with
guitar then we can do it with
the prosecutor with the guitar or also with
several issues expose in agreement
next comes
another tito track that would be
sun and then it has a little side that is the
reason yes but shooting by the sun if the
Sun
Solfa me re elect would be him
to stick to the belt as an auxiliary pain
and soldier
and then then immediately to himself
but I do not think so
maybe where they have a little bit more
problems is in this coming dome
because he came out he was not
to fine tune it then
Y
saleh
I can not live
no no
i
the other one we're going to grab from the same
it's going to be exactly the same the first
row
and the obstacles is the reason to repopulate
all natural the same with the
next natural
what else does it follow since the only part
what happens the intermediate
yes
sun to sun family
and from there we jump until 2 take
forgiveness do sol
There are two are family
esteban I not then just do not think
be more problem than more
after this introduction that is going to
repeat
let's enter again with the world
very well
at
and now for the output what it does is
same
johnson
sorry
I get it
but basically this is the song not
it gives you more problem to return the video
so that they can appreciate it from
way more closely and you can go
doing calmly especially
the cold apologies because also
I have commented on the previous videos
I am not a teacher, I am also
student I'm learning and I try to
convey the best that the best thing
may l
if it helps them
I would be very helpful to me also that
will support me with your likes subscriptions
let me what songs they want
up and we will go working little
a little behind